Climate change: Refers to long-term shifts in temperatures and weather patterns.
Carbon footprint: This is the amount of carbon dioxide released into the atmosphere.
Global warming: Refer to the increase in temperature of the earth's atmosphere that is caused by the increase of particular gases, especially carbon dioxide.
Biodiversity loss: Refers to the decline or reduction in the variety and abundance of plant and animal species in a specific ecosystem.
Greenhouse gas: Greenhouse gases are gases in Earth's atmosphere that trap heat.
Renewable energy: Refers to energy derived from natural sources that are replenished at a higher rate than they are consumed.
Flooding: Refers to an overflow of water onto normally dry land.
Sustainability: Refers to the ability to be maintained at a certain rate or level.
Sea level rise: Refers to an increase in the level of the world's oceans due to the effects of global warming.
Afforestation: Is the establishment of a forest or stand of trees (forestation) in an area where there was no recent tree cover.
Earth: "Earth" denotes the celestial body that is our home planet within the solar system. It is a complex and dynamic sphere characterized by a myriad of interconnected processes and procedures, encompassing the lithosphere (solid outer shell), hydrosphere (oceans, seas, lakes, and water bodies), atmosphere (gaseous envelope), and biosphere (all living organisms). Earth possesses a unique blend of conditions that have enabled the evolution and sustenance of life in its diverse forms.
Ocean Acidification: Rrefers to the increase in the Ocean's acidity due to absorbed carbon dioxide.
Carbon capture: Refers to the process of trapping carbon dioxide produced by burning fossil fuels or other chemical or biological processes and storing it in such a way that it is unable to affect the atmosphere, with the aim of mitigating the effects of global warming.
Ozone depletion: Refers to the reduction in the concentration of ozone in the ozone layer.
Solar radiation: Solar radiation is the heat that comes from the sun and heats up our planet.
Precipitation: Precipitation is a measure that takes into account the amount of water that falls from the sky.
Temperature: Temperature is a measure of how hot or cold an object is.
